CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Thanks for contributing, you rock!

If you use our code, it is now *our* code.

Please read https://reactjs.org/ and the Code of Conduct before opening an issue.

- [Think You Found a Bug?](#bug)
- [Proposing New or Changed API?](#api)
- [Issue Not Getting Attention?](#attention)
- [Making a Pull Request?](#pr)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Development](#development)
- [Hacking](#hacking)

<a name="bug"/></a>
## Think You Found a Bug?

Please provide a test case of some sort. Best is a pull request with a failing test. Next is a link to CodePen/JS Bin or repository that illustrates the bug. Finally, some copy/pastable code is acceptable.

<a name="api"/></a>
## Proposing New or Changed API?

Please provide thoughtful comments and some sample code. Proposals without substance will be closed.

<a name="attention"/></a>
## Issue Not Getting Attention?

If you need a bug fixed and nobody is fixing it, it is your responsibility to fix it. Issues with no activity for 30 days may be closed.

<a name="pr"/></a>
## Making a Pull Request?

Pull requests need only the :+1: of two or more collaborators to be merged; when the PR author is a collaborator, that counts as one.

### Tests

All commits that fix bugs or add features need a test.

`<blink>`Do not merge code without tests.`</blink>`

### Changelog

All commits that change or add to the API must be done in a pull request that also:

- Adds an entry to `CHANGES.md` with clear steps for updating code for changed or removed API
- Updates examples
- Updates the docs

## Setup

The following steps will get you setup to contribute changes to this repo:

1. Fork the repo (click the <kbd>Fork</kbd> button at the top right of this page).
2. Clone your fork locally.
```bash
# in a terminal, cd to parent directory where you want your clone to be, then
git clone https://github.com/<your_github_username>/react-router.git
cd react-router
```
3. Install dependencies and build. React Router uses `npm`, so you should too. If you install using `yarn`, unnecessary yarn lock files will be generated.
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

## Development

### Packages

React Router uses a monorepo to host code for multiple packages. These packages live in the `packages` directory.

### Testing

Calling `npm test` from the root directory will run **every** package's tests. If you want to run tests for a specific package, you should `cd` into that directory.
```bash
# all tests
npm test
# react-router-dom tests
cd packages/react-router-dom
npm test
```
React Router uses Jest to run its tests, so you can provide the `--watch` flag to automatically re-run tests when files change.

### Website

The code for the documentation website lives in the `website` directory. `cd` into there and call `npm start` to start a webpack dev server on `localhost:8080` that will watch for changes.
```bash
cd website
npm start
```

## Hacking

The best way to hack on the router is to symlink it into your project using [`npm link`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link). Then, use `npm run watch` to automatically watch the `modules` directory and output a new build every time something changes.

Commit message:

Remove "hacking" section from CONTRIBUTING.md (#6478)
Removes outdated "hacking" section. Fixes #6460.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Thanks for contributing, you rock!

If you use our code, it is now *our* code.

Please read https://reactjs.org/ and the Code of Conduct before opening an issue.

- [Think You Found a Bug?](#bug)
- [Proposing New or Changed API?](#api)
- [Issue Not Getting Attention?](#attention)
- [Making a Pull Request?](#pr)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Development](#development)

<a name="bug"/></a>
## Think You Found a Bug?

Please provide a test case of some sort. Best is a pull request with a failing test. Next is a link to CodePen/JS Bin or repository that illustrates the bug. Finally, some copy/pastable code is acceptable.

<a name="api"/></a>
## Proposing New or Changed API?

Please provide thoughtful comments and some sample code. Proposals without substance will be closed.

<a name="attention"/></a>
## Issue Not Getting Attention?

If you need a bug fixed and nobody is fixing it, it is your responsibility to fix it. Issues with no activity for 30 days may be closed.

<a name="pr"/></a>
## Making a Pull Request?

Pull requests need only the :+1: of two or more collaborators to be merged; when the PR author is a collaborator, that counts as one.

### Tests

All commits that fix bugs or add features need a test.

`<blink>`Do not merge code without tests.`</blink>`

### Changelog

All commits that change or add to the API must be done in a pull request that also:

- Adds an entry to `CHANGES.md` with clear steps for updating code for changed or removed API
- Updates examples
- Updates the docs

## Setup

The following steps will get you setup to contribute changes to this repo:

1. Fork the repo (click the <kbd>Fork</kbd> button at the top right of this page).
2. Clone your fork locally.
```bash
# in a terminal, cd to parent directory where you want your clone to be, then
git clone https://github.com/<your_github_username>/react-router.git
cd react-router
```
3. Install dependencies and build. React Router uses `npm`, so you should too. If you install using `yarn`, unnecessary yarn lock files will be generated.
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

## Development

### Packages

React Router uses a monorepo to host code for multiple packages. These packages live in the `packages` directory.

React Router uses Lerna to manage the monorepo. Lerna sets up symlinks between the packages, so when you build one package, its changes will be automatically available to the packages that depend on it.

### Building

Calling `npm run build` from the root directory will build every package. If you want to build a specific package, you should `cd` into that directory.
```bash
# build everything
npm run build
# build react-router-dom
cd packages/react-router-dom
npm run build
```

### Testing

Calling `npm test` from the root directory will run **every** package's tests. If you want to run tests for a specific package, you should `cd` into that directory.
```bash
# all tests
npm test
# react-router-dom tests
cd packages/react-router-dom
npm test
```
React Router uses Jest to run its tests, so you can provide the `--watch` flag to automatically re-run tests when files change.

### Website

The code for the documentation website lives in the `website` directory. `cd` into there and call `npm start` to start a webpack dev server on `localhost:8080` that will watch for changes.
```bash
cd website
npm start
```
