ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
Thank you for contributing!

Have a usage question?
======================
The issue tracker is meant for bug reports only. This isn't the best place for usage questions. Questions here don't have as much visibility as they do elsewhere. Before you ask a question, here are some resources to get help first:

- Read the docs: https://reacttraining.com/react-router
- Check out the list of frequently asked questions: https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/master/FAQ.md
- Explore examples: https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/example/basic
- Look for/ask questions on Stack Overflow: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=react-router
- Ask in chat: https://discord.gg/0ZcbPKXt5bYaNQ46

Think you found a bug?
======================
The best bug report is a failing test in the repository as a pull request. Otherwise, please use the "BUG REPORT" template below.

Have a feature request?
=======================
Remove the template from below and provide thoughtful commentary *and code samples* on what this feature means for your product. What will it allow you to do that you can't do today? How will it make current work-arounds straightforward? What potential bugs and edge cases does it help to avoid? etc. Please keep it product-centric.
-->

<!-- BUG TEMPLATE -->
## Version
4.1.1

## Test Case
https://codesandbox.io/s/n55VljYk7

## Steps to reproduce

## Expected Behavior

## Actual Behavior

Commit message:

Don't hard-code version in ISSUE_TEMPLATE (#5952)

ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
Thank you for contributing!

Have a usage question?
======================
The issue tracker is meant for bug reports only. This isn't the best place for usage questions. Questions here don't have as much visibility as they do elsewhere. Before you ask a question, here are some resources to get help first:

- Read the docs: https://reacttraining.com/react-router
- Check out the list of frequently asked questions: https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/master/FAQ.md
- Explore examples: https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/example/basic
- Look for/ask questions on Stack Overflow: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=react-router
- Ask in chat: https://discord.gg/0ZcbPKXt5bYaNQ46

Think you found a bug?
======================
The best bug report is a failing test in the repository as a pull request. Otherwise, please use the "BUG REPORT" template below.

Have a feature request?
=======================
Remove the template from below and provide thoughtful commentary *and code samples* on what this feature means for your product. What will it allow you to do that you can't do today? How will it make current work-arounds straightforward? What potential bugs and edge cases does it help to avoid? etc. Please keep it product-centric.
-->

<!-- BUG TEMPLATE -->
## Version

**Please replace this sentence with the React Router version that you are using.**

## Test Case
https://codesandbox.io/s/n55VljYk7

## Steps to reproduce

## Expected Behavior

## Actual Behavior
