docs/api/components/Redirect.md, before:

API: `Redirect` (component)
===========================

Configures a redirect for a path in your route declarations.

Props
-----

### `from`

The path you want to redirect from, including dynamic segments. Defaults
to `*` so you can redirect anything not found to somewhere else.

### `to`

The `name` of the route you want to redirect to.

Example
-------

```xml
<!--
  lets say we want to change from `/profile/123` to `/about/123`
  and redirect `/get-in-touch` to `/contact`
-->
<Routes>
  <Route handler={App}>
    <Route name="contact" handler={Contact}/>
    <Route name="about-user" path="about/:userId" handler={UserProfile}/>
    <Route name="course" path="course/:courseId">
      <Route name="course-dashboard" path="dashboard" handler={Dashboard}/>
      <Route name="course-assignments" path="assignments" handler={Assignments}/>
      <!--
        anything like `/course/123/invalid` redirects to
        `/course/123/dashboard`
      -->
      <Redirect to="course-dashboard" />
    </Route>
  </Route>
  
  <!-- `/get-in-touch` -> `/contact` -->
  <Redirect from="get-in-touch" to="contact" />
  <!-- `/profile/123` -> `/about/123` -->
  <Redirect from="profile/:userId" to="about-user" />
</Routes>
```

Note that the `<Redirect/>` can be placed anywhere in the route
hierarchy, if you'd prefer the redirects to be next to their respective
routes.

```xml
<Routes>
  <Route handler={App}>
    <Route name="contact" handler={Contact}/>
    <Redirect from="get-in-touch" to="contact" />
  </Route>
</Routes>
```

Commit message:

[added] ability to set params/query in Redirect
closes #275
closes #294

docs/api/components/Redirect.md, after:

API: `Redirect` (component)
===========================

Configures a redirect for a path in your route declarations.

Props
-----

### `from`

The path you want to redirect from, including dynamic segments. Defaults
to `*` so you can redirect anything not found to somewhere else.

### `to`

The `name` of the route you want to redirect to.

### `params`

By default, the parameters will just pass through to the new route, but
you can specify them if you need to (usually you shouldn't).

### `query`

By default, the query parameters will just pass through to the new
route, but you can specify them if you need to (usually you shouldn't).

Example
-------

```xml
<!--
  lets say we want to change from `/profile/123` to `/about/123`
  and redirect `/get-in-touch` to `/contact`
-->
<Routes>
  <Route handler={App}>
    <Route name="contact" handler={Contact}/>
    <Route name="about-user" path="about/:userId" handler={UserProfile}/>
    <Route name="course" path="course/:courseId">
      <Route name="course-dashboard" path="dashboard" handler={Dashboard}/>
      <Route name="course-assignments" path="assignments" handler={Assignments}/>
      <!--
        anything like `/course/123/invalid` redirects to
        `/course/123/dashboard`
      -->
      <Redirect to="course-dashboard" />
    </Route>
  </Route>
  
  <!-- `/get-in-touch` -> `/contact` -->
  <Redirect from="get-in-touch" to="contact" />

  <!-- `/profile/123` -> `/about/123` -->
  <Redirect from="profile/:userId" to="about-user" />

  <!-- `/profile/jasmin` -> `/about-user/123` -->
  <Redirect from="profile/jasmin" to="about-user" params={{userId: 123}} />
</Routes>
```

Note that the `<Redirect/>` can be placed anywhere in the route
hierarchy, if you'd prefer the redirects to be next to their respective
routes.

```xml
<Routes>
  <Route handler={App}>
    <Route name="contact" handler={Contact}/>
    <Redirect from="get-in-touch" to="contact" />
  </Route>
</Routes>
```
