packages/react-router/docs/Route.md, before:

# &lt;Route>

Renders some UI when a URL matches a location.

```js
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Route } from 'react-router-dom'

<Router>
  <div>
    <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>
    <Route path="/news" component={NewsFeed}/>
  </div>
</Router>
```

There are 3 ways to render something with a `<Route>`:

- [`<Route component>`](#component-func)
- [`<Route render>`](#render-func)
- [`<Route children>`](#children-func)

You should use only one of these props on a given `<Route>`. See their explanations below to understand why you have 3 options.

## component: func

A React component to render when the location matches. The component receives all the properties on [`context.router`](context.router.md).

```js
<Route path="/user/:username" component={User}/>
```

```js
const User = ({ match }) => {
  return <h1>Hello {match.params.username}!</h1>
}
```

When you use `component` (instead of `render`, below) the router uses [`React.createElement`](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-api.html#createelement) to create a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) from the given component.

## render: func

Instead of having a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) created for you using the [`component`](#component-func) prop, you can pass in a function to be called when the location matches. The `render` prop receives all the properties of [`context.router`](context.router.md) in a single object.

This allows for convenient inline match rendering and wrapping.

```js
// convenient inline rendering
<Route path="/home" render={() => <div>Home</div>}/>

// wrapping/composing
const FadingRoute = ({ component: Component, ...rest }) => (
  <Route {...rest} render={props => (
    <FadeIn>
      <Component {...props}/>
    </FadeIn>
  )}/>
)

<FadingRoute path="/cool" component={Something}/>
```

**Warning:** `<Route component>` takes precendence over `<Route render>` so don't use both in the same `<Route>`.

## children: func

Sometimes you need to render whether the path matches the location or not. In these cases, you can use the function `children` prop. It works exactly like `render` except that it gets called whether there is a match or not.

The `children` prop will be called with an object that contains all the properties on [`context.router`](context.router.md). If a route fails to match the URL, the `match` prop will be `null`. This allows you to dynamically adjust your UI based on if the route matches or not.

Here we're adding an `active` class if the route matches

```js
<ul>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere"/>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere-else"/>
</ul>

const ListItemLink = ({ to, ...rest }) => (
  <Route path={to} children={({ match }) => (
    <li className={match ? 'active' : ''}>
      <Link to={to} {...rest}/>
    </li>
  )}/>
)
```

This could also be useful for animations:

```js
<Route children={({ match, ...rest}) => (
  {/* Animate will always render, so you can use lifecycles
      to animate its child in and out */}
  <Animate>
    {match && <Something {...rest}/>}
  </Animate>
)}/>
```

**Warning:** Both `<Route component>` and `<Route render>` take precendence over `<Route children>` so don't use more than one in the same `<Route>`.

## path: string

Any valid URL path that [`path-to-regexp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/path-to-regexp) understands.

```js
<Route path="/users/:id" component={User}/>
```

Routes without a `path` _always_ match.

## exact: bool

When `true`, will only match if the path matches the `location.pathname` _exactly_.

```js
<Route exact path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | exact | matches? |   
|---|---|---|---|---|   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `true` | no |   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `false` | yes |   

## strict: bool

When `true`, a `path` that has a trailing slash will only match a `location.pathname` with a trailing slash. This has no effect when there are additional URL segments in the `location.pathname`.

```js
<Route strict path="/one/" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one/` | `/one` | no |
| `/one/` | `/one/` | yes |
| `/one/` | `/one/two` | yes |

**Warning:** `strict` can be used to enforce that a `location.pathname` has no trailing slash, but in order to do this both `strict` and `exact` must be `true`.

```js
<Route exact strict path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one` | `/one` | yes |
| `/one` | `/one/` | no |
| `/one` | `/one/two` | no |

Commit message:

Remove subscriptions
This commit builds upon (and supersedes) the work done by @ryanflorence
in #4598 to remove subscriptions from the codebase. Instead of
subscribing to location changes and using forceUpdate inside every
<Route>, we better follow React's model by using setState in <Router>
and letting changes trickle down to descendants using React's built-in
state propagation mechanism.

This also means that we don't mutate context.router anymore (no more
Object.assign). Instead, context.router was split into two parts:
context.history and context.route (the <Route> props + match). This
allows us to leave context.history untouched and change context.route
only according to the props + match state of each <Route>.

withRouter was also updated to provide everything in a "router" prop
instead of spreading all props to the component.

packages/react-router/docs/Route.md, after:

# &lt;Route>

Renders some UI when a URL matches a location.

```js
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Route } from 'react-router-dom'

<Router>
  <div>
    <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>
    <Route path="/news" component={NewsFeed}/>
  </div>
</Router>
```

There are 3 ways to render something with a `<Route>`:

- [`<Route component>`](#component-func)
- [`<Route render>`](#render-func)
- [`<Route children>`](#children-func)

You should use only one of these props on a given `<Route>`. See their explanations below to understand why you have 3 options.

## component: func

A React component to render when the location matches. The component receives all the properties of the [`history`](history.md) object as well as the [`match`](match.md) object that describes how the route matched the current `location`.

```js
<Route path="/user/:username" component={User}/>
```

```js
const User = ({ match }) => {
  return <h1>Hello {match.params.username}!</h1>
}
```

When you use `component` (instead of `render`, below) the router uses [`React.createElement`](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-api.html#createelement) to create a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) from the given component.

## render: func

Instead of having a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) created for you using the [`component`](#component-func) prop, you can pass in a function to be called when the location matches. The `render` prop receives all the properties of the [`history`](history.md) object and the [`match`](match.md) in a single object (same props as the `component` receives).

This allows for convenient inline match rendering and wrapping.

```js
// convenient inline rendering
<Route path="/home" render={() => <div>Home</div>}/>

// wrapping/composing
const FadingRoute = ({ component: Component, ...rest }) => (
  <Route {...rest} render={props => (
    <FadeIn>
      <Component {...props}/>
    </FadeIn>
  )}/>
)

<FadingRoute path="/cool" component={Something}/>
```

**Warning:** `<Route component>` takes precendence over `<Route render>` so don't use both in the same `<Route>`.

## children: func

Sometimes you need to render whether the path matches the location or not. In these cases, you can use the function `children` prop. It works exactly like `render` except that it gets called whether there is a match or not.

The `children` prop will be called with an object that contains all the properties of the [`history`](history.md) object. If a route fails to match the URL, the `match` prop will be `null`. This allows you to dynamically adjust your UI based on if the route matches or not.

Here we're adding an `active` class if the route matches

```js
<ul>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere"/>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere-else"/>
</ul>

const ListItemLink = ({ to, ...rest }) => (
  <Route path={to} children={({ match }) => (
    <li className={match ? 'active' : ''}>
      <Link to={to} {...rest}/>
    </li>
  )}/>
)
```

This could also be useful for animations:

```js
<Route children={({ match, ...rest}) => (
  {/* Animate will always render, so you can use lifecycles
      to animate its child in and out */}
  <Animate>
    {match && <Something {...rest}/>}
  </Animate>
)}/>
```

**Warning:** Both `<Route component>` and `<Route render>` take precendence over `<Route children>` so don't use more than one in the same `<Route>`.

## path: string

Any valid URL path that [`path-to-regexp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/path-to-regexp) understands.

```js
<Route path="/users/:id" component={User}/>
```

Routes without a `path` _always_ match.

## exact: bool

When `true`, will only match if the path matches the `location.pathname` _exactly_.

```js
<Route exact path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | exact | matches? |   
|---|---|---|---|---|   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `true` | no |   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `false` | yes |   

## strict: bool

When `true`, a `path` that has a trailing slash will only match a `location.pathname` with a trailing slash. This has no effect when there are additional URL segments in the `location.pathname`.

```js
<Route strict path="/one/" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one/` | `/one` | no |
| `/one/` | `/one/` | yes |
| `/one/` | `/one/two` | yes |

**Warning:** `strict` can be used to enforce that a `location.pathname` has no trailing slash, but in order to do this both `strict` and `exact` must be `true`.

```js
<Route exact strict path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one` | `/one` | yes |
| `/one` | `/one/` | no |
| `/one` | `/one/two` | no |
