docs/advanced-guides/README.md, before:

# Advanced Guides for React Router

These guides document some of the different flows and patterns you can use to
build a certain capability or feature of your app with React Router.

## Building the User Interface

- [Using Layouts](#TODO)
- ["Not Found" Routes (404)](#TODO)
- [Using Route Config Objects](#TODO)
- [Using Redirects](#TODO)

## Common User Flows

- [Login and Authentication](#TODO)
- [Forms and Prompts](#TODO)
- [Transitions and Animation](#TODO)
- [Passing Data Between Routes Using `location.state`](#TODO)
- [Persisting Data Using `location.key`](#TODO)
- [Managing Scroll Position](#TODO)
- [Modals](#TODO)

## Useful Techniques

- [Custom Links](#TODO)
- [Using the Query String](#TODO)
- [Recursive Paths](#TODO)
- [Code Splitting](#TODO)

## Server Rendering

- [Creating Routes from Files](#TODO)
- [Using `StaticRouter` Directly](#TODO)
- [Handling Redirects](#TODO)

## Testing

- [Using Jest with React Test Renderer](#TODO)
- [Using Jest with React Testing Library](#TODO)
- [Using Mocha](#TODO)
- [Using Cypress](#TODO)

This list is by no means exhaustive, so if you think something is missing,
please [let us know](#TODO)!

Commit message:

Add @reach/router migration doc stub
Work in progress

docs/advanced-guides/README.md, after:

# Advanced Guides for React Router

These guides document some of the different flows and patterns you can use to
build a certain capability or feature of your app with React Router.

## Building the User Interface

- [Using Layouts](#TODO)
- ["Not Found" Routes (404)](#TODO)
- [Using Route Config Objects](#TODO)
- [Using Redirects](#TODO)

## Common User Flows

- [Login and Authentication](#TODO)
- [Forms and Prompts](#TODO)
- [Transitions and Animation](#TODO)
- [Passing Data Between Routes Using `location.state`](#TODO)
- [Persisting Data Using `location.key`](#TODO)
- [Managing Scroll Position](#TODO)
- [Modals](#TODO)

## Useful Techniques

- [Custom Links](#TODO)
- [Using the Query String](#TODO)
- [Recursive Paths](#TODO)
- [Code Splitting](#TODO)

## Server Rendering

- [Creating Routes from Files](#TODO)
- [Using `StaticRouter` Directly](#TODO)
- [Handling Redirects](#TODO)

## Testing

- [Using Jest with React Test Renderer](#TODO)
- [Using Jest with React Testing Library](#TODO)
- [Using Mocha](#TODO)
- [Using Cypress](#TODO)

## Migrating

- [Migrating to v6 from v4/5](migrating-5-to-6.md)
- [Migrating to v6 from @reach/router](migrating-reach-router-to-6.md)

This list is by no means exhaustive, so if you think something is missing,
please [let us
know](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/issues/new)!
