packages/react-router/docs/api/Redirect.md, before:

# &lt;Redirect>

Rendering a `<Redirect>` will navigate to a new location. The new location will override the current location in the history stack, like server-side redirects (HTTP 3xx) do.

```js
import { Route, Redirect } from 'react-router'

<Route exact path="/" render={() => (
  loggedIn ? (
    <Redirect to="/dashboard"/>
  ) : (
    <PublicHomePage/>
  )
)}/>
```

## to: string

The URL to redirect to.

```js
<Redirect to="/somewhere/else"/>
```

## to: object

A location to redirect to.

```js
<Redirect to={{
  pathname: '/login',
  search: '?utm=your+face',
  state: { referrer: currentLocation }
}}/>
```

## push: bool

When `true`, redirecting will push a new entry onto the history instead of replacing the current one.

```js
<Redirect push to="/somewhere/else"/>
```

## from: string

A pathname to redirect from. This can be used to match a location when rendering a `<Redirect>` inside of a `<Switch>`.

```js
<Switch>
  <Redirect from='/old-path' to='/new-path'/>
  <Route path='/new-path' component={Place}/>
</Switch>
```

Commit message:

More specific <Redirect from> description (#4849)

packages/react-router/docs/api/Redirect.md, after:

# &lt;Redirect>

Rendering a `<Redirect>` will navigate to a new location. The new location will override the current location in the history stack, like server-side redirects (HTTP 3xx) do.

```js
import { Route, Redirect } from 'react-router'

<Route exact path="/" render={() => (
  loggedIn ? (
    <Redirect to="/dashboard"/>
  ) : (
    <PublicHomePage/>
  )
)}/>
```

## to: string

The URL to redirect to.

```js
<Redirect to="/somewhere/else"/>
```

## to: object

A location to redirect to.

```js
<Redirect to={{
  pathname: '/login',
  search: '?utm=your+face',
  state: { referrer: currentLocation }
}}/>
```

## push: bool

When `true`, redirecting will push a new entry onto the history instead of replacing the current one.

```js
<Redirect push to="/somewhere/else"/>
```

## from: string

A pathname to redirect from. This can only be used to match a location when rendering a `<Redirect>` inside of a `<Switch>`. See [`<Switch children>`](./Switch.md#children-node) for more details.

```js
<Switch>
  <Redirect from='/old-path' to='/new-path'/>
  <Route path='/new-path' component={Place}/>
</Switch>
```
