packages/react-router/docs/api/Route.md, before:

# &lt;Route>

The Route component is perhaps the most important component in React
Router to understand and learn to use well. Its most basic
responsibility is to render some UI when a [location](./location.md)
matches the route's `path`.

Consider the following code:

```js
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Route } from 'react-router-dom'

<Router>
  <div>
    <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>
    <Route path="/news" component={NewsFeed}/>
  </div>
</Router>
```

If the location of the app is `/` then the UI hierarchy will be something like:

```html
<div>
  <Home/>
  <!-- react-empty: 2 -->
</div>
```

And if the location of the app is `/news` then the UI hierarchy will be:

```html
<div>
  <!-- react-empty: 1 -->
  <NewsFeed/>
</div>
```

The "react-empty" comments are just implementation details of React's `null` rendering. But for our purposes, it is instructive. A Route is always technically "rendered" even though its rendering `null`. As soon as the app location matches the route's path, your component will be rendered.

## Route render methods

There are 3 ways to render something with a `<Route>`:

- [`<Route component>`](#component-func)
- [`<Route render>`](#render-func)
- [`<Route children>`](#children-func)

Each is useful in different circumstances. You should use only one of these props on a given `<Route>`. See their explanations below to understand why you have 3 options. Most of the time you'll use `component`.

## Route props

All three [render methods](#route-render-methods) will be passed the same three route props

- [match](./match.md)
- [location](./location.md)
- [history](./history.md)

## component

A React component to render only when the location matches. It will be
rendered with [route props](#route-props).

```js
<Route path="/user/:username" component={User}/>

const User = ({ match }) => {
  return <h1>Hello {match.params.username}!</h1>
}
```

When you use `component` (instead of `render`, below) the router uses [`React.createElement`](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-api.html#createelement) to create a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) from the given component. That means if you provide an inline function you will get a lot of undesired remounting. For inline rendering, use the `render` prop (below).

## render: func

This allows for convenient inline rendering and wrapping without the undesired remounting explained above.

Instead of having a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) created for you using the [`component`](#component-func) prop, you can pass in a function to be called when the location matches. The `render` prop receives all the same [route props](#route-props) as the `component` render prop.

```js
// convenient inline rendering
<Route path="/home" render={() => <div>Home</div>}/>

// wrapping/composing
const FadingRoute = ({ component: Component, ...rest }) => (
  <Route {...rest} render={props => (
    <FadeIn>
      <Component {...props}/>
    </FadeIn>
  )}/>
)

<FadingRoute path="/cool" component={Something}/>
```

**Warning:** `<Route component>` takes precendence over `<Route render>` so don't use both in the same `<Route>`.

## children: func

Sometimes you need to render whether the path matches the location or not. In these cases, you can use the function `children` prop. It works exactly like `render` except that it gets called whether there is a match or not.

The `children` render prop receives all the same [route props](#route-props) as the `component` and `render` methods, except when a route fails to match the URL, then `match` is `null`. This allows you to dynamically adjust your UI based on whether or not the route matches. Here we're adding an `active` class if the route matches

```js
<ul>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere"/>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere-else"/>
</ul>

const ListItemLink = ({ to, ...rest }) => (
  <Route path={to} children={({ match }) => (
    <li className={match ? 'active' : ''}>
      <Link to={to} {...rest}/>
    </li>
  )}/>
)
```

This could also be useful for animations:

```js
<Route children={({ match, ...rest }) => (
  {/* Animate will always render, so you can use lifecycles
      to animate its child in and out */}
  <Animate>
    {match && <Something {...rest}/>}
  </Animate>
)}/>
```

**Warning:** Both `<Route component>` and `<Route render>` take precendence over `<Route children>` so don't use more than one in the same `<Route>`.

## path: string

Any valid URL path that [`path-to-regexp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/path-to-regexp) understands.

```js
<Route path="/users/:id" component={User}/>
```

Routes without a `path` _always_ match.

## exact: bool

When `true`, will only match if the path matches the `location.pathname` _exactly_.

```js
<Route exact path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | exact | matches? |   
| --- | --- | --- | --- |   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `true` | no |   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `false` | yes |   

## strict: bool

When `true`, a `path` that has a trailing slash will only match a `location.pathname` with a trailing slash. This has no effect when there are additional URL segments in the `location.pathname`.

```js
<Route strict path="/one/" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one/` | `/one` | no |
| `/one/` | `/one/` | yes |
| `/one/` | `/one/two` | yes |

**Warning:** `strict` can be used to enforce that a `location.pathname` has no trailing slash, but in order to do this both `strict` and `exact` must be `true`.

```js
<Route exact strict path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one` | `/one` | yes |
| `/one` | `/one/` | no |
| `/one` | `/one/two` | no |

Commit message:

Expand on why not to use inline <Route component> (#4877)
This hopefully makes it a little clearer why code like `<Route component={(props) => <MyComponent {...props} />} />` should be avoided.

packages/react-router/docs/api/Route.md, after:

# &lt;Route>

The Route component is perhaps the most important component in React
Router to understand and learn to use well. Its most basic
responsibility is to render some UI when a [location](./location.md)
matches the route's `path`.

Consider the following code:

```js
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Route } from 'react-router-dom'

<Router>
  <div>
    <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>
    <Route path="/news" component={NewsFeed}/>
  </div>
</Router>
```

If the location of the app is `/` then the UI hierarchy will be something like:

```html
<div>
  <Home/>
  <!-- react-empty: 2 -->
</div>
```

And if the location of the app is `/news` then the UI hierarchy will be:

```html
<div>
  <!-- react-empty: 1 -->
  <NewsFeed/>
</div>
```

The "react-empty" comments are just implementation details of React's `null` rendering. But for our purposes, it is instructive. A Route is always technically "rendered" even though its rendering `null`. As soon as the app location matches the route's path, your component will be rendered.

## Route render methods

There are 3 ways to render something with a `<Route>`:

- [`<Route component>`](#component-func)
- [`<Route render>`](#render-func)
- [`<Route children>`](#children-func)

Each is useful in different circumstances. You should use only one of these props on a given `<Route>`. See their explanations below to understand why you have 3 options. Most of the time you'll use `component`.

## Route props

All three [render methods](#route-render-methods) will be passed the same three route props

- [match](./match.md)
- [location](./location.md)
- [history](./history.md)

## component

A React component to render only when the location matches. It will be
rendered with [route props](#route-props).

```js
<Route path="/user/:username" component={User}/>

const User = ({ match }) => {
  return <h1>Hello {match.params.username}!</h1>
}
```

When you use `component` (instead of `render`, below) the router uses [`React.createElement`](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/react-api.html#createelement) to create a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) from the given component. That means if you provide an inline function, you are creating a new component every render. This results in the existing component unmounting and the new component mounting instead of just updating the existing component. For inline rendering, use the `render` prop (below).

## render: func

This allows for convenient inline rendering and wrapping without the undesired remounting explained above.

Instead of having a new [React element](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/rendering-elements.html) created for you using the [`component`](#component-func) prop, you can pass in a function to be called when the location matches. The `render` prop receives all the same [route props](#route-props) as the `component` render prop.

```js
// convenient inline rendering
<Route path="/home" render={() => <div>Home</div>}/>

// wrapping/composing
const FadingRoute = ({ component: Component, ...rest }) => (
  <Route {...rest} render={props => (
    <FadeIn>
      <Component {...props}/>
    </FadeIn>
  )}/>
)

<FadingRoute path="/cool" component={Something}/>
```

**Warning:** `<Route component>` takes precendence over `<Route render>` so don't use both in the same `<Route>`.

## children: func

Sometimes you need to render whether the path matches the location or not. In these cases, you can use the function `children` prop. It works exactly like `render` except that it gets called whether there is a match or not.

The `children` render prop receives all the same [route props](#route-props) as the `component` and `render` methods, except when a route fails to match the URL, then `match` is `null`. This allows you to dynamically adjust your UI based on whether or not the route matches. Here we're adding an `active` class if the route matches

```js
<ul>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere"/>
  <ListItemLink to="/somewhere-else"/>
</ul>

const ListItemLink = ({ to, ...rest }) => (
  <Route path={to} children={({ match }) => (
    <li className={match ? 'active' : ''}>
      <Link to={to} {...rest}/>
    </li>
  )}/>
)
```

This could also be useful for animations:

```js
<Route children={({ match, ...rest }) => (
  {/* Animate will always render, so you can use lifecycles
      to animate its child in and out */}
  <Animate>
    {match && <Something {...rest}/>}
  </Animate>
)}/>
```

**Warning:** Both `<Route component>` and `<Route render>` take precendence over `<Route children>` so don't use more than one in the same `<Route>`.

## path: string

Any valid URL path that [`path-to-regexp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/path-to-regexp) understands.

```js
<Route path="/users/:id" component={User}/>
```

Routes without a `path` _always_ match.

## exact: bool

When `true`, will only match if the path matches the `location.pathname` _exactly_.

```js
<Route exact path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | exact | matches? |   
| --- | --- | --- | --- |   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `true` | no |   
| `/one`  | `/one/two`  | `false` | yes |   

## strict: bool

When `true`, a `path` that has a trailing slash will only match a `location.pathname` with a trailing slash. This has no effect when there are additional URL segments in the `location.pathname`.

```js
<Route strict path="/one/" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one/` | `/one` | no |
| `/one/` | `/one/` | yes |
| `/one/` | `/one/two` | yes |

**Warning:** `strict` can be used to enforce that a `location.pathname` has no trailing slash, but in order to do this both `strict` and `exact` must be `true`.

```js
<Route exact strict path="/one" component={About}/>
```

| path | location.pathname | matches? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `/one` | `/one` | yes |
| `/one` | `/one/` | no |
| `/one` | `/one/two` | no |
