packages/react-router/docs/api/Switch.md, before:

# &lt;Switch>

Renders the first child [`<Route>`](Route.md) or [`<Redirect>`](Redirect.md) that matches the location.

**How is this different than just using a bunch of `<Route>`s?**

`<Switch>` is unique in that it renders a route *exclusively*. In contrast, every `<Route>` that matches the location renders *inclusively*. Consider this code:

```js
<Route path="/about" component={About}/>
<Route path="/:user" component={User}/>
<Route component={NoMatch}/>
```

If the URL is `/about`, then `<About>`, `<User>`, and `<NoMatch>` will all render because they all match the path. This is by design, allowing us to compose `<Route>`s into our apps in many ways, like sidebars and breadcrumbs, bootstrap tabs, etc.

Occasionally, however, we want to pick only one `<Route>` to render. If we're at `/about` we don't want to also match `/:user` (or show our "404" page). Here's how to do it with `Switch`:

```js
import { Switch, Route } from 'react-router'

<Switch>
  <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>
  <Route path="/about" component={About}/>
  <Route path="/:user" component={User}/>
  <Route component={NoMatch}/>
</Switch>
```

Now, if we're at `/about`, `<Switch>` will start looking for a matching `<Route>`. `<Route path="/about"/>` will match and `<Switch>` will stop looking for matches and render `<About>`. Similarly, if we're at `/michael` then `<User>` will render.

This is also useful for animated transitions since the matched `<Route>` is rendered in the same position as the previous one.

```js
<Fade>
  <Switch>
    {/* there will only ever be one child here */}
    <Route/>
    <Route/>
  </Switch>
</Fade>

<Fade>
  <Route/>
  <Route/>
  {/* there will always be two children here,
      one might render null though, making transitions
      a bit more cumbersome to work out */}
</Fade>
```

## children: node

All children of a `<Switch>` should be `<Route>` or `<Redirect>` elements. Only the first child to match the current location will be rendered.

`<Route>` elements are matched using their `path` prop and `<Redirect>` elements are matched using their `from` prop. A `<Route>` with no `path` prop or a `<Redirect>` with no `from` prop will always match the current location.

When you include a `<Redirect>` in a `<Switch>`, it can use any of the `<Route>`'s location matching props: `path`, `exact`, and `strict`. `from` is just an alias for the `path` prop.

```js
<Switch>
  <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>

  <Route path="/users" component={Users}/>
  <Redirect from="/accounts" to="/users"/>

  <Route component={NoMatch}/>
</Switch>
```

Commit message:

Updates documentation of Switch, NavLink, Route (#5136)
* Updates documentation of Switch, missing prop location

* Updates documentation of NavLink, missing prop location

* Updates documentation of Route, missing prop location

* Updates documentation of Switch, location property override for matching child

* Updates documentation of Switch, NavLink, Route: reduce verbosity

* Updates documentation of NavLink: fix broken link

packages/react-router/docs/api/Switch.md, after:

# &lt;Switch>

Renders the first child [`<Route>`](Route.md) or [`<Redirect>`](Redirect.md) that matches the location.

**How is this different than just using a bunch of `<Route>`s?**

`<Switch>` is unique in that it renders a route *exclusively*. In contrast, every `<Route>` that matches the location renders *inclusively*. Consider this code:

```js
<Route path="/about" component={About}/>
<Route path="/:user" component={User}/>
<Route component={NoMatch}/>
```

If the URL is `/about`, then `<About>`, `<User>`, and `<NoMatch>` will all render because they all match the path. This is by design, allowing us to compose `<Route>`s into our apps in many ways, like sidebars and breadcrumbs, bootstrap tabs, etc.

Occasionally, however, we want to pick only one `<Route>` to render. If we're at `/about` we don't want to also match `/:user` (or show our "404" page). Here's how to do it with `Switch`:

```js
import { Switch, Route } from 'react-router'

<Switch>
  <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>
  <Route path="/about" component={About}/>
  <Route path="/:user" component={User}/>
  <Route component={NoMatch}/>
</Switch>
```

Now, if we're at `/about`, `<Switch>` will start looking for a matching `<Route>`. `<Route path="/about"/>` will match and `<Switch>` will stop looking for matches and render `<About>`. Similarly, if we're at `/michael` then `<User>` will render.

This is also useful for animated transitions since the matched `<Route>` is rendered in the same position as the previous one.

```js
<Fade>
  <Switch>
    {/* there will only ever be one child here */}
    <Route/>
    <Route/>
  </Switch>
</Fade>

<Fade>
  <Route/>
  <Route/>
  {/* there will always be two children here,
      one might render null though, making transitions
      a bit more cumbersome to work out */}
</Fade>
```
## Switch props

### location: object

A [`location`](location.md) object to be used for matching children elements instead of the current history location (usually the current browser URL).

### children: node

All children of a `<Switch>` should be `<Route>` or `<Redirect>` elements. Only the first child to match the current location will be rendered.

`<Route>` elements are matched using their `path` prop and `<Redirect>` elements are matched using their `from` prop. A `<Route>` with no `path` prop or a `<Redirect>` with no `from` prop will always match the current location.

When you include a `<Redirect>` in a `<Switch>`, it can use any of the `<Route>`'s location matching props: `path`, `exact`, and `strict`. `from` is just an alias for the `path` prop.

If a `location` prop is given to the `<Switch>`, it will override the `location` prop on the matching child element.

```js
<Switch>
  <Route exact path="/" component={Home}/>

  <Route path="/users" component={Users}/>
  <Redirect from="/accounts" to="/users"/>

  <Route component={NoMatch}/>
</Switch>
```
