upgrade-guides/v1.0.0.md, before:

# v1.0.0 Upgrade Guide

Thanks for your patience :) Big changes from v0.13.x to 1.0. While on
the surface a lot of this just looks like shuffling around API, the
entire codebase has been rewritten to handle some really great use
cases, like loading routes and components on demand, session-based route
matching, server rendering, integration with libs like redux and relay,
and lots more.

But for now, here's how to translate the old API to the new one.

### Importing

The new `Router` component is a property of the top-level module.

```js
// v0.13.x
var Router = require('react-router');
var Route = Router.Route;

// v1.0
var ReactRouter = require('react-router');
var Router = ReactRouter.Router;
var Route = ReactRouter.Route;

// or using ES Modules
import { Router, Route } from 'react-router';
```

### Rendering

```js
// v0.13.x
Router.run(routes, (Handler) => {
  render(<Handler/>, el);
})

// v1.0
render(<Router>{routes}</Router>, el)

// looks more like this:
render((
  <Router>
    <Route path="/" component={App}/>
  </Router>
), el);

// or if you'd rather
render(<Router routes={routes}/>, el)
```

### Locations

Locations are now called histories (that emit locations). You import
them from the [`history` package](https://github.com/rackt/history), not react router.

```js
// v0.13.x
Router.run(routes, Router.BrowserHistory, (Handler) => {
  render(<Handler/>, el);
})

// v1.0
import createBrowserHistory from 'history/lib/createBrowserHistory'
let history = createBrowserHistory()
render(<Router history={history}>{routes}</Router>, el)
```

If you do not specify a history type (as in the example above) then you will notice some unusual behaviour after updating to 1.0.0. With the default hash based routing a querystring entry not defined by yourself will start appearing in your URLs called `_k`. An example of how it looks is this: `?_k=umhx1s`

This is intended and part of [createHashHistory](https://github.com/rackt/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/basics/Histories.md#createhashhistory) (which is the default history approach used if one is not specified). You can read more about the feature [here](https://github.com/rackt/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/basics/Histories.md#what-is-that-_kckuvup-junk-in-the-url) and how to opt out [here](https://rackt.github.io/history/stable/HashHistoryCaveats.html).

### Route Config

You can still nest your routes as before, paths are inherited from
parents just like before but prop names have changed.

```js
// v0.13.x
<Route name="about" handler={About}/>

// v1.0
<Route path="about" component={About}/>
```

Named routes are gone (for now, [see discussion](https://github.com/rackt/react-router/issues/1840))

### NotFound route

Not found really confused people, mistaking not finding resources
from your API for not matching a route. We've removed it completely
since it's simple with a `*` path.

```js
// v0.13.x
<NotFoundRoute handler={NoMatch}/>

// v1.0
<Route path="*" component={NoMatch}/>
```

### Redirect route

```js
// v0.13.x
<Redirect from="some/where/:id" to="somewhere/else/:id" params={{id: 2}}/>

// v1.0
// Works the same as before, except no params, just put them in the path
<Redirect from="/some/where/:id" to="/somewhere/else/2"/>
```

### Links

#### path / params

```js
// v0.13.x
<Link to="user" params={{userId: user.id}}>Mateusz</Link>

// v1.0
// because named routes are gone, link to full paths, you no longer need
// to know the names of the parameters, and string templates are quite
// nice. Note that `query` has not changed.
<Link to={`/users/${user.id}`}>Mateusz</Link>
```

#### "active" class

In 0.13.x links added the "active" class by default which you could
override with `activeClassName`, or provide `activeStyle`s. It's usually
just a handful of navigation links that need this behavior.

Links no longer add the "active" class by default (its expensive and
usually not necessary), you opt-in by providing one; if no
`activeClassName` or `activeStyle`s are provided, the link will not
check if it's active.

```js
// v0.13.x
<Link to="about">About</Link>

// v1.0
<Link to="/about" activeClassName="active">About</Link>
```

#### Linking to Index routes

Because named routes are gone, a link to `/` with an index route at `/`
will always be active. So we've introduced `IndexLink` that is only
active when on exactly that path.

```js
// v0.13.x
// with this route config
<Route path="/" handler={App}>
  <DefaultRoute name="home" handler={Home}/>
  <Route name="about" handler={About}/>
</Route>

// will be active only when home is active, not when about is active
<Link to="home">Home</Link>

// v1.0
<Route path="/" component={App}>
  <IndexRoute component={Home}/>
  <Route path="about" component={About}/>
</Route>

// will be active only when home is active, not when about is active
<IndexLink to="/">Home</IndexLink>
```

This gives you more granular control of what causes a link to be active
or not when there is an index route involved.

#### onClick handler

For consistency with React v0.14, returning `false` from a `Link`'s `onClick`
handler no longer prevents the transition. To prevent the transition, call
`e.preventDefault()` instead.

### RouteHandler

`RouteHandler` is gone. `Router` now automatically populates
`this.props.children` of your components based on the active route.

```js
// v0.13.x
<RouteHandler/>

// v1.0
{this.props.children}
```

As with all other React components that receive `children` from their parent,
you can use the standard `React.cloneElement` pattern to inject additional
props into your supplied child.

You should generally avoid over-using this pattern, as this tightly couples
your route components via the render tree rather than the routing tree, which
can make refactoring more difficult.

```js
// v0.13.x
<RouteHandler someExtraProp={something}/>

// v1.0
{React.cloneElement(this.props.children, { someExtraProp: something })}
```

A couple of things to note:
- Don't pass in `props.children` to the child (e.g. via spreading in
`this.props`), as that will override the previous value of `props.children`,
and can potentially cause infinite recursion of the same nested element.
- React validates `propTypes` on elements when those elements are created,
rather than when they're about to render. This means that any prop types with
`isRequired` will fail validation when those props are supplied via this
approach. In these cases, you should not specify `isRequired` for those props.
For more details, see
[facebook/react#4494](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/4494#issuecomment-125068868).

### Navigation Mixin

If you were using the `Navigation` mixin, use the `History` mixin instead.

```js
// v0.13.x
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  mixins: [ Navigation ],
  navigateAfterSomethingHappened () {
    this.transitionTo('/users', { userId: user.id }, query);
    // this.replaceWith('/users', { userId: user.id }, query);
  }
})

// v1.0
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  mixins: [ History ],
  navigateAfterSomethingHappened () {
    // the router is now built on rackt/history, and it is a first class
    // API in the router for navigating
    this.history.pushState(null, `/users/${user.id}`, query);
    // this.history.replaceState(null, `/users/${user.id}`, query);
  }
})
```

The following `Navigation` methods are now also found on the history
object, main difference again is there are no params or route names,
just pathnames.

| v0.13                                | v1.0                          |
|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
| `go(n)`                              | `go(n)`                       |
| `goBack()`                           | `goBack()`                    |
| `goForward()`                        | `goForward()`                 |
| `makeHref(routeName, params, query)` | `createHref(pathname, query)` |
| `makePath(routeName, params, query)` | `createPath(pathname, query)` |

### State mixin

```js
// v0.13.x
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  mixins: [ State ],
  foo () {
    this.getPath()
    this.getParams()
    // etc...
  }
})

// v1.0
// if you are a route component...
<Route component={Assignment} />

var Assignment = React.createClass({
  foo () {
    this.props.location // contains path information
    this.props.params // contains params
    this.props.history.isActive('/pathToAssignment')
  }
})

// if you're not a route component, you need to pass location down the
// tree or get the location from context. We will probably provide a
// higher order component that will do this for you but haven't yet.
// see further down for more information on what can be passed down
// via context
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  contextTypes: {
    location: React.PropTypes.object
  },
  foo () {
    this.context.location
  }
})
```

Here's a table of where you used to get stuff with the `State` mixin,
and where you get it now if you're a route component (`this.props`)


| v0.13 (this)      | v1.0 (this.props)                  |
|-------------------|------------------------------------|
| `getPath()`       | `location.pathname+location.search`|
| `getPathname()`   | `location.pathname`                |
| `getParams()`     | `params`                           |
| `getQuery()`      | `location.search`                  |
| `getQueryParams()`| `location.query`                   |
| `getRoutes()`     | `routes`                           |
| `isActive(to, params, query)` | `history.isActive(pathname, query, onlyActiveOnIndex)` |

Here is another table of properties you used to get via the `State` and
where you can get it now if you are **not** a route component
(`this.context`).

| v0.13 (this)      | v1.0 (this.context)                |
|-------------------|------------------------------------|
| `getPath()`       | `location.pathname+location.search`|
| `getPathname()`   | `location.pathname`                |
| `getQuery()`      | `location.query`                   |
| `isActive(to, params, query)` | `history.isActive(pathname, query, indexOnly)` |

Note not all `State` functionality can be accessed via context in v1.0.
For example, `params` is not available via context.

### Scrolling

We're developing scroll behaviors separately in the
[`scroll-behavior`](https://github.com/rackt/scroll-behavior)
library until we have a stable, robust implementation that we're happy with.
Currently, scroll behaviors are exposed there as history enhancers:

```js
import createHistory from 'history/lib/createBrowserHistory'
import useScroll from 'scroll-behavior/lib/useStandardScroll'

const history = useScroll(createHistory)()
```

### `willTransitionTo` and `willTransitionFrom`

Routes now define this behavior:

```js
// v0.13.x
var Home = React.createClass({
  statics: {
    willTransitionTo (transition, params, query, callback) { }
    willTransitionFrom (component, transition, params, query, callback) { }
  }
})

// v1.0
<Route
  component={Home}
  onEnter={(location, replaceWith) => {}}
  onLeave={() => {}}
/>
```

To cancel a "transition from", please refer to the
[Confirming Navigation](/docs/guides/advanced/ConfirmingNavigation.md) guide.

### We'll keep updating this

There's a lot of the old API we've missed, please give the [new
docs](/docs) a read and help us fill this guide in. Thanks!

Commit message:

Clarify catch-all route usage

upgrade-guides/v1.0.0.md, after:

# v1.0.0 Upgrade Guide

Thanks for your patience :) Big changes from v0.13.x to 1.0. While on
the surface a lot of this just looks like shuffling around API, the
entire codebase has been rewritten to handle some really great use
cases, like loading routes and components on demand, session-based route
matching, server rendering, integration with libs like redux and relay,
and lots more.

But for now, here's how to translate the old API to the new one.

### Importing

The new `Router` component is a property of the top-level module.

```js
// v0.13.x
var Router = require('react-router');
var Route = Router.Route;

// v1.0
var ReactRouter = require('react-router');
var Router = ReactRouter.Router;
var Route = ReactRouter.Route;

// or using ES Modules
import { Router, Route } from 'react-router';
```

### Rendering

```js
// v0.13.x
Router.run(routes, (Handler) => {
  render(<Handler/>, el);
})

// v1.0
render(<Router>{routes}</Router>, el)

// looks more like this:
render((
  <Router>
    <Route path="/" component={App}/>
  </Router>
), el);

// or if you'd rather
render(<Router routes={routes}/>, el)
```

### Locations

Locations are now called histories (that emit locations). You import
them from the [`history` package](https://github.com/rackt/history), not react router.

```js
// v0.13.x
Router.run(routes, Router.BrowserHistory, (Handler) => {
  render(<Handler/>, el);
})

// v1.0
import createBrowserHistory from 'history/lib/createBrowserHistory'
let history = createBrowserHistory()
render(<Router history={history}>{routes}</Router>, el)
```

If you do not specify a history type (as in the example above) then you will notice some unusual behaviour after updating to 1.0.0. With the default hash based routing a querystring entry not defined by yourself will start appearing in your URLs called `_k`. An example of how it looks is this: `?_k=umhx1s`

This is intended and part of [createHashHistory](https://github.com/rackt/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/basics/Histories.md#createhashhistory) (which is the default history approach used if one is not specified). You can read more about the feature [here](https://github.com/rackt/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/basics/Histories.md#what-is-that-_kckuvup-junk-in-the-url) and how to opt out [here](https://rackt.github.io/history/stable/HashHistoryCaveats.html).

### Route Config

You can still nest your routes as before, paths are inherited from
parents just like before but prop names have changed.

```js
// v0.13.x
<Route name="about" handler={About}/>

// v1.0
<Route path="about" component={About}/>
```

Named routes are gone (for now, [see discussion](https://github.com/rackt/react-router/issues/1840))

### NotFound route

"Not found" really confused people, mistaking not finding resources
from your API for not matching a route. We've removed it completely
since it's simple with a `*` path.

```js
// v0.13.x
<NotFoundRoute handler={NoMatch}/>

// v1.0
<Route path="*" component={NoMatch}/>
```

As this catch-all route will match everything, it must be the last route specified in the child route array.

### Redirect route

```js
// v0.13.x
<Redirect from="some/where/:id" to="somewhere/else/:id" params={{id: 2}}/>

// v1.0
// Works the same as before, except no params, just put them in the path
<Redirect from="/some/where/:id" to="/somewhere/else/2"/>
```

### Links

#### path / params

```js
// v0.13.x
<Link to="user" params={{userId: user.id}}>Mateusz</Link>

// v1.0
// because named routes are gone, link to full paths, you no longer need
// to know the names of the parameters, and string templates are quite
// nice. Note that `query` has not changed.
<Link to={`/users/${user.id}`}>Mateusz</Link>
```

#### "active" class

In 0.13.x links added the "active" class by default which you could
override with `activeClassName`, or provide `activeStyle`s. It's usually
just a handful of navigation links that need this behavior.

Links no longer add the "active" class by default (its expensive and
usually not necessary), you opt-in by providing one; if no
`activeClassName` or `activeStyle`s are provided, the link will not
check if it's active.

```js
// v0.13.x
<Link to="about">About</Link>

// v1.0
<Link to="/about" activeClassName="active">About</Link>
```

#### Linking to Index routes

Because named routes are gone, a link to `/` with an index route at `/`
will always be active. So we've introduced `IndexLink` that is only
active when on exactly that path.

```js
// v0.13.x
// with this route config
<Route path="/" handler={App}>
  <DefaultRoute name="home" handler={Home}/>
  <Route name="about" handler={About}/>
</Route>

// will be active only when home is active, not when about is active
<Link to="home">Home</Link>

// v1.0
<Route path="/" component={App}>
  <IndexRoute component={Home}/>
  <Route path="about" component={About}/>
</Route>

// will be active only when home is active, not when about is active
<IndexLink to="/">Home</IndexLink>
```

This gives you more granular control of what causes a link to be active
or not when there is an index route involved.

#### onClick handler

For consistency with React v0.14, returning `false` from a `Link`'s `onClick`
handler no longer prevents the transition. To prevent the transition, call
`e.preventDefault()` instead.

### RouteHandler

`RouteHandler` is gone. `Router` now automatically populates
`this.props.children` of your components based on the active route.

```js
// v0.13.x
<RouteHandler/>

// v1.0
{this.props.children}
```

As with all other React components that receive `children` from their parent,
you can use the standard `React.cloneElement` pattern to inject additional
props into your supplied child.

You should generally avoid over-using this pattern, as this tightly couples
your route components via the render tree rather than the routing tree, which
can make refactoring more difficult.

```js
// v0.13.x
<RouteHandler someExtraProp={something}/>

// v1.0
{React.cloneElement(this.props.children, { someExtraProp: something })}
```

A couple of things to note:
- Don't pass in `props.children` to the child (e.g. via spreading in
`this.props`), as that will override the previous value of `props.children`,
and can potentially cause infinite recursion of the same nested element.
- React validates `propTypes` on elements when those elements are created,
rather than when they're about to render. This means that any prop types with
`isRequired` will fail validation when those props are supplied via this
approach. In these cases, you should not specify `isRequired` for those props.
For more details, see
[facebook/react#4494](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/4494#issuecomment-125068868).

### Navigation Mixin

If you were using the `Navigation` mixin, use the `History` mixin instead.

```js
// v0.13.x
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  mixins: [ Navigation ],
  navigateAfterSomethingHappened () {
    this.transitionTo('/users', { userId: user.id }, query);
    // this.replaceWith('/users', { userId: user.id }, query);
  }
})

// v1.0
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  mixins: [ History ],
  navigateAfterSomethingHappened () {
    // the router is now built on rackt/history, and it is a first class
    // API in the router for navigating
    this.history.pushState(null, `/users/${user.id}`, query);
    // this.history.replaceState(null, `/users/${user.id}`, query);
  }
})
```

The following `Navigation` methods are now also found on the history
object, main difference again is there are no params or route names,
just pathnames.

| v0.13                                | v1.0                          |
|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
| `go(n)`                              | `go(n)`                       |
| `goBack()`                           | `goBack()`                    |
| `goForward()`                        | `goForward()`                 |
| `makeHref(routeName, params, query)` | `createHref(pathname, query)` |
| `makePath(routeName, params, query)` | `createPath(pathname, query)` |

### State mixin

```js
// v0.13.x
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  mixins: [ State ],
  foo () {
    this.getPath()
    this.getParams()
    // etc...
  }
})

// v1.0
// if you are a route component...
<Route component={Assignment} />

var Assignment = React.createClass({
  foo () {
    this.props.location // contains path information
    this.props.params // contains params
    this.props.history.isActive('/pathToAssignment')
  }
})

// if you're not a route component, you need to pass location down the
// tree or get the location from context. We will probably provide a
// higher order component that will do this for you but haven't yet.
// see further down for more information on what can be passed down
// via context
var Assignment = React.createClass({
  contextTypes: {
    location: React.PropTypes.object
  },
  foo () {
    this.context.location
  }
})
```

Here's a table of where you used to get stuff with the `State` mixin,
and where you get it now if you're a route component (`this.props`)


| v0.13 (this)      | v1.0 (this.props)                  |
|-------------------|------------------------------------|
| `getPath()`       | `location.pathname+location.search`|
| `getPathname()`   | `location.pathname`                |
| `getParams()`     | `params`                           |
| `getQuery()`      | `location.search`                  |
| `getQueryParams()`| `location.query`                   |
| `getRoutes()`     | `routes`                           |
| `isActive(to, params, query)` | `history.isActive(pathname, query, onlyActiveOnIndex)` |

Here is another table of properties you used to get via the `State` and
where you can get it now if you are **not** a route component
(`this.context`).

| v0.13 (this)      | v1.0 (this.context)                |
|-------------------|------------------------------------|
| `getPath()`       | `location.pathname+location.search`|
| `getPathname()`   | `location.pathname`                |
| `getQuery()`      | `location.query`                   |
| `isActive(to, params, query)` | `history.isActive(pathname, query, indexOnly)` |

Note not all `State` functionality can be accessed via context in v1.0.
For example, `params` is not available via context.

### Scrolling

We're developing scroll behaviors separately in the
[`scroll-behavior`](https://github.com/rackt/scroll-behavior)
library until we have a stable, robust implementation that we're happy with.
Currently, scroll behaviors are exposed there as history enhancers:

```js
import createHistory from 'history/lib/createBrowserHistory'
import useScroll from 'scroll-behavior/lib/useStandardScroll'

const history = useScroll(createHistory)()
```

### `willTransitionTo` and `willTransitionFrom`

Routes now define this behavior:

```js
// v0.13.x
var Home = React.createClass({
  statics: {
    willTransitionTo (transition, params, query, callback) { }
    willTransitionFrom (component, transition, params, query, callback) { }
  }
})

// v1.0
<Route
  component={Home}
  onEnter={(location, replaceWith) => {}}
  onLeave={() => {}}
/>
```

To cancel a "transition from", please refer to the
[Confirming Navigation](/docs/guides/advanced/ConfirmingNavigation.md) guide.

### We'll keep updating this

There's a lot of the old API we've missed, please give the [new
docs](/docs) a read and help us fill this guide in. Thanks!
